every day you dream
Oh
so it
sweet
winter in Ponyville is the most magical
time of the year and why is that because
of the winter wishes festival of course
I sure wish it with snow I wish you
would Tim oh there are lots of holiday
traditions in Ponyville but without a
doubt the most exciting one is letting a
positively perfect holiday hairstyle in
holiday decorations and skating move
those are exciting traditions but the
most exciting one of all is actually its
placing twinkle wish the Wishing Star on
top of the ever forever green tree
because it's color is ever so green
silly oh yeah actually Scootaloo it's
called the ever forever green tree
because it's always green all year long
then they oughta call that tree that
never turns any other color than green
tree how do they get twinkle wish way up
there whoever wins the ornament baking
contest you remember the ornament making
contest from last year don't you Wow no
oh hell you were pretty little then yeah
but I'm not little no more you mean
you're not little anymore
that - giggling hey you two are two cute
little sister yeah we are each pony in
Ponyville makes a holiday ornament and
makes it on the other forever green tree
and then the mayor picks out the
that's one oh yeah I remember sorta and
whoever makes the best tournament gets
to put twinkle wish on top of the tree
if the winter wishes festival and then
we ghoulish grants everyone in Ponyville
one holiday wish I remember that part I
like that part hey I just had an idea
for my ornament Oh hold it I only had
half an idea ro toola roola I've got way
too many ideas maybe if we work together
we can turn your half an idea and my too
many ideas into one really great idea
sounds good to me
I'd love to work with you Pinkie Pie I
love that idea we can all pair out then
what together yeah what do you say star
song will want to work with me on an
ornament scissor thing Rainbow Dash hey
Sweetie Belle
let's make they're winning this
tournament together let's get busy and
make some ornament